---
title: Research Projects
author: Jaehyun Nam
date: 2022-07-01
category: default
layout: post
---

## Software-Defined Networking (SDN)

- Barista: Opeartor-defined Reconfigurable Network OS for Software-Defined Networks

	Barista is a novel architecture that seeks to enable flexible and customizable instantiations of network operating systems (NOSs) for software-defined networks (SDNs). As the NOS is the strategic control center of an SDN, implementing logic for management of network switches as well as higher-level applications, its design is critical to the welfare of the network. In this paper, we focus on three aspects of composable controller design: component synthesis, dynamic event control, and predictive NOS assessment. First, the modular design of the Barista enables flexible composition of functionalities prevalent in contemporary SDN controllers. Second, its event handling mechanism enables dynamic customization of control flows in a NOS. Third, its predictive NOS assessment helps to discover the optimal composition for the requirements specified by operators. These capabilities allow Barista operators to optimally select functionalities and dynamically handle events for their operating requirements while maximizing the resource utilization of the given system.

## Network Function Virtualization (NFV)

- Probius: Automated Approach for VNF and Service Chain Analysis in Software-Defined NFV

	Probius is a performance analysis system that provides the comprehensive view of VNFs and their service chains on the basis of NFV architectural characteristics. Probius collects most possible NFV performance related features efficiently, analyzes the behaviors of NFV, and finally detects abnormal behaviors of NFV - possible reasons of performance uncertainties.

## Internet of Things (IoT)

- SODA: A Software-defined Security Framework for IoT Environments

	SODA is a secure IoT gateway that enables a device-side dynamic access control and is capable of deploying various security services to protect sensitive and private information. With the assumption that a large number of IoT devices are crowded around an IoT gateway, we implement a prototype of SODA for such an environment based on software-defined-networking (SDN) and integrate virtual network functions (VNFs) over network function virtualization (NFV) on top of a real IoT device.

## Cloud Computing

- BASTION: A Security Enforcement Network Stack for Container Networks

	Bastion is a new high-performance security enforcement network stack that extends the container hosting platform with an intelligent container-aware communication sandbox. Bastion introduces (i) a network visibility service that provides fine-grained control over the visible network topology per container application, and (ii) a traffic visibility service, which securely isolates and forwards inter-container traffic in a point-to-point manner, preventing the exposure of this traffic to other peer containers.

## High-performance Network Security

- Haetae: Scaling the Performance of Network Intrusion Detection with Many-core Processors

	Haetae is a highly scalable network intrusion detection system on many-core processors. To maximize the NIDS performance, we take advantage of the underlying hardware and adhere to four design principles: shared-nothing architecture, computation offloading, lightweight data structure, and flow offloading. Through the experimental results, we find that our design choices can significantly improve the NIDS performance (79 Gbps with 1514B synthetic packets).

